Justin Pettit
Jr Full Stack Web and Software Developer
“We need to talk, because I can help your company”
	 San Francisco
 (707) 529-7243
portfolio: www.justin.gent
justinmichaelpettit@gmail.com
linkedin.com/in/JustinMichaelPettit                                   github.com/ahza64
	

EXPERIENCE
General Assembly — Full Stack Web Developer Graduate
March - June 2016
A 60 hour per week program, learning and building Ruby/RoR and M.E.A.N. stack apps. 
Peterson co — Lead Power Generation Industrial Field Technician
11 Year career 2004-2015
* Top of my class through a 3 year, 70 hr week training A.S. program
* Ended my career as the top engineer in the bay area
* Learned German on my own, to program cutting edge controls from Germany
* Developed many processes in the agile and six sigma environment that saved the company millions
* Increased client retention through empathy and negotiation
* Improved logistical processes on projects I led
* Demonstrated expertise in IoT for automation, controls and monitoring 
WEB DEV PROJECTS
SF secrets — M.E.A.N. stack, multi-external API app, -link
Curiosity about life, adaptability and courage can reveal many secrets. Feel free to explore or sign up and share. Built from the ground up in 8 days in the MEAN stack.
@-Some-Point — Ruby/RoR Team project, -link
Inspired by google’s APIs and logistics were motivation for several projects. Find your shortest route among several points. Being elected project manager on this app, I also built the Auth, the controllers and SQL DB. We built this Ruby/RoR app in 7 days. 
ProBuilder — M.E.A.N. stack, project tracker app, -link
Better communication can increase production. Track your projects and tasks using my first full stack app. Currently being BETA tested by a company. Built in 5 days.
Self-Building Race — Self-building Object Oriented race game
Going above and beyond, this program builds its own player and board objects. Race each other by rapidly pressing your key.
EDUCATION
SJDC/SRJC — several A.S. degrees in technical repair
2003-2005
The 2nd highest (out of 2,200 participants) “CAT train test” score in the state of CA. Graduated top of my class (4.0 gpa on three degrees)
	JavaScript


Ruby on Rails


Node.JS


Ruby


Angular 1x


IoT


TDD


MongoDB


Mongoose


postgreSQL


Express


AJAX


JSON


BSON


Git/GitHub


Heroku


Bootstrap


Handlebars


jQuery


Python


CSS